About the job
What You'll Do

About the internship

Are you looking for a professional experience you can be proud of?

As a Software Development Intern at iO Campus Sofia, you will join a team of technical experts that plays a key role in web and mobile development for a wide variety of projects. This is your chance to get real, hands-on experience in software development.

A 3-month paid internship at iO is a great opportunity for the next generation of coders, and a surefire way to gain valuable experience in the field. And the best news of all? If you do a good job, we might hire you to join our forces full-time after your internship.

As an intern at iO, you’re a fully-fledged member of the team, and you will be respected for what you bring to the table. You get to work on real projects, solving real challenges with real people.

In return for your hard work, we’ll give you opportunities to grow. Whether you want to dive deep into .NET, PHP, JavaScript, iOS, or Android — you will be mentored, coached, and inspired by senior developers who will gladly share their expertise with you. Have a technical question? Just ask one of your 1800+ colleagues for help.

Your Qualities And Skills As Software Development Internship

Your qualities and skills as a Software Development Intern

You’re a 3rd or 4th year student in Information Technologies or another related degree, or you have gathered a strong understanding of software development through self-learning.
You communicate clearly in English, both written and spoken.
You’re curious, communicative, and open-minded.
You’re passionate about the power of technology.

Are you meant for this internship? Would you like to come by for a chat and discuss the details of this position? Apply now by filling out the form.

What’s in it for you

26 days of vacation days

Based on a 40-hour work week, you have 26 days of paid leave.

Additional Health And Dental Insurance

Covering patient and outpatient care, health and dental care, reimbursement of costs for prescribed medicines, pregnancy and birth coverage.

Hybrid working

A good work-life balance is super important. Together with your team, you’ll decide when and where you work.

Healthy office snacks and specialty coffee

At our campus, we provide fresh fruits, healthy snacks and specialty coffee beverages throughout the day.

Personal training budget

Each year, you’ll get a budget of €3,000 to develop yourself, in your profession or as a person, through training, events, or courses.

Celebrating together

If there’s something to celebrate, we know how to party! From time to time, the party team at your campus will organise the best (theme) parties.

